PROJECTS.md, before:

# Projects and Organizations

This file contains a list of projects and organizations that are friendly to
contributions, along with quick links to relevant documents you should reference
before contributing.

- [Babel](https://github.com/babel/babel) (project)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/babel/babel/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
    - Issue labels:
        - [Good First Issue](https://github.com/babel/babel/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
- [BeeWare](https://beeware.org/) (org)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://beeware.org/contributing/how/first-time/)
    - [Batavia](https://github.com/beeware/batavia) (project)
        - Issue labels:
            - [first-timers-only](https://github.com/beeware/batavia/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Afirst-timers-only)
    - [VOC](https://github.com/beeware/voc) (project)
        - Issue labels:
            - [first-timers-only](https://github.com/beeware/voc/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Afirst-timers-only)
- [Casualdate](https://github.com/StellarDoor5319/casualdate) (project)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/redfin/react-server/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
    - Issue labels:
        - [good first contribution](https://github.com/StellarDoor5319/casualdate/labels/good%20first%20contribution)
- [Docker](https://github.com/docker) (project)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://docs.docker.com/opensource/)
    - Issue labels:
        - [Open Issue](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Adocker+is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen)
        - [exp/beginner](https://github.com/docker/docker/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aexp%2Fbeginner+sort%3Aupdated-desc)
- [Fly.io](https://github.com/superfly/fly) (org)
    - [README](https://github.com/superfly/fly/blob/master/README.md)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/superfly/fly/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
    - [open issues](https://github.com/superfly/fly/issues)
- [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/) (org)
    - [freeCodeCamp](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/) (project)
        - [Contributing guide](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
        - Issue labels:
            - [first-timers-only](https://github.com/FreeCodeCamp/FreeCodeCamp/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Afirst-timers-only)
            - [help wanted](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22help+wanted%22)
- [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org) (org)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab-ce/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
    - [Development Guides](https://docs.gitlab.com/ce/development/README.html)
    - [Development Kit](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab-development-kit)
    - Issue labels:
        - [1st contribution](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab-ce/issues?scope=all&utf8=%E2%9C%93&state=opened&label_name[]=1st%20contribution)
- [GNOME](https://www.gnome.org/) (org)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://wiki.gnome.org/Newcomers)
- Great big example application (org)
    - [Great-big-example-application](https://github.com/dancancro/great-big-angular2-example) (project)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/dancancro/great-big-example-application/projects/1)
- [Hoa](https://hoa-project.net) (project)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://hoa-project.net/En/Literature/Contributor/Guide.html)
- [Metamaps](https://metamaps.cc/) (org)
    - [Metamaps](https://github.com/metamaps/metamaps) (project)
        - [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/metamaps/metamaps/blob/develop/doc/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- nteract (org)
    - [nteract](https://github.com/nteract/nteract) (project)
        - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
        - Issue labels:
            - [new-contributor-friendly](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3Anew-contributor-friendly+is%3Aopen)
            - [mentoring-available](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Amentoring-available)
- Public Lab (org)
    - [Plots2](https://github.com/publiclab/plots2) (project)
        - [Contributing guide](https://github.com/publiclab/plots2/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
        - Issue labels:
            - [first-timers-only](https://github.com/publiclab/plots2/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Afirst-timers-only)
            - [help-wanted](https://github.com/publiclab/plots2/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ahelp-wanted)
            - [fto-candidate](https://github.com/publiclab/plots2/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Afto-candidate)
- React (org)
    - [React](https://github.com/facebook/react) (project)
        - [Contributing Guide](https://reactjs.org/docs/how-to-contribute.html)
        - Issue labels:
            - [good first issue](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues?page=1&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen)
- Read the Docs (org)
    - [Read the Docs](http://docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) (site)
        - Issue labels:
            - [Good First Bug](https://github.com/rtfd/readthedocs.org/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Good+First+Bug%22)
- Redfin (org)
    - [react-server](https://github.com/redfin/react-server) (project)
        - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/redfin/react-server/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
        - Issue labels:
            - [good first contribution](https://github.com/redfin/react-server/labels/good%20first%20contribution)
- Servo (org)
    - [Servo](https://starters.servo.org/) (project)
        - [Contributing guide](https://github.com/servo/servo/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
        - Issue labels:
            - [Easy](https://github.com/servo/servo/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AE-easy)
- [Sympy](https://github.com/sympy/sympy) (project)
    - [Dev Wiki](https://github.com/sympy/sympy/wiki#development)
    - [Work Flow](https://github.com/sympy/sympy/wiki/Development-workflow)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/sympy/sympy/wiki/Introduction-to-contributing)
    - Issue labels:
        - [Easy to fix](https://github.com/sympy/sympy/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Easy+to+Fix%22)
- TEAMMATES (org)
    - [TEAMMATES](https://github.com/TEAMMATES/teammates) (project)
        - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/TEAMMATES/teammates/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)
        - Issue labels:
            - [d.FirstTimers](https://github.com/TEAMMATES/teammates/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ad.FirstTimers)
            - [d.Contributors](https://github.com/TEAMMATES/teammates/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ad.Contributors)
- Zulip (org)
    - [Zulip](https://github.com/zulip) (project)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
    - Issue labels:
       - [Good First Issue](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
       - [Help Wanted](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22)
- [Rust](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust) (project)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
    - Issue labels:
       - [E-easy](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AE-easy)
- [Test Kitchen](https://github.com/test-kitchen/test-kitchen) (project)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/test-kitchen/test-kitchen/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
    - Issue labels:
       - [*](https://github.com/test-kitchen/test-kitchen/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%E2%AD%90%EF%B8%8F)

Commit message:

add the text "Happy coding and keep learning"

PROJECTS.md, after:

# Projects and Organizations

The file contains a list of projects and organizations that are friendly to
contributions, along with quick links to relevant documents you should reference
before contributing.

- [Babel](https://github.com/babel/babel) (project)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/babel/babel/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
    - Issue labels:
        - [Good First Issue](https://github.com/babel/babel/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
- [BeeWare](https://beeware.org/) (org)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://beeware.org/contributing/how/first-time/)
    - [Batavia](https://github.com/beeware/batavia) (project)
        - Issue labels:
            - [first-timers-only](https://github.com/beeware/batavia/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Afirst-timers-only)
    - [VOC](https://github.com/beeware/voc) (project)
        - Issue labels:
            - [first-timers-only](https://github.com/beeware/voc/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Afirst-timers-only)
- [Casualdate](https://github.com/StellarDoor5319/casualdate) (project)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/redfin/react-server/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
    - Issue labels:
        - [good first contribution](https://github.com/StellarDoor5319/casualdate/labels/good%20first%20contribution)
- [Docker](https://github.com/docker) (project)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://docs.docker.com/opensource/)
    - Issue labels:
        - [Open Issue](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Adocker+is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen)
        - [exp/beginner](https://github.com/docker/docker/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aexp%2Fbeginner+sort%3Aupdated-desc)
- [Fly.io](https://github.com/superfly/fly) (org)
    - [README](https://github.com/superfly/fly/blob/master/README.md)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/superfly/fly/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
    - [open issues](https://github.com/superfly/fly/issues)
- [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/) (org)
    - [freeCodeCamp](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/) (project)
        - [Contributing guide](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
        - Issue labels:
            - [first-timers-only](https://github.com/FreeCodeCamp/FreeCodeCamp/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Afirst-timers-only)
            - [help wanted](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22help+wanted%22)
- [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org) (org)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab-ce/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
    - [Development Guides](https://docs.gitlab.com/ce/development/README.html)
    - [Development Kit](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab-development-kit)
    - Issue labels:
        - [1st contribution](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab-ce/issues?scope=all&utf8=%E2%9C%93&state=opened&label_name[]=1st%20contribution)
- [GNOME](https://www.gnome.org/) (org)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://wiki.gnome.org/Newcomers)
- Great big example application (org)
    - [Great-big-example-application](https://github.com/dancancro/great-big-angular2-example) (project)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/dancancro/great-big-example-application/projects/1)
- [Hoa](https://hoa-project.net) (project)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://hoa-project.net/En/Literature/Contributor/Guide.html)
- [Metamaps](https://metamaps.cc/) (org)
    - [Metamaps](https://github.com/metamaps/metamaps) (project)
        - [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/metamaps/metamaps/blob/develop/doc/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- nteract (org)
    - [nteract](https://github.com/nteract/nteract) (project)
        - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
        - Issue labels:
            - [new-contributor-friendly](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3Anew-contributor-friendly+is%3Aopen)
            - [mentoring-available](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Amentoring-available)
- Public Lab (org)
    - [Plots2](https://github.com/publiclab/plots2) (project)
        - [Contributing guide](https://github.com/publiclab/plots2/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
        - Issue labels:
            - [first-timers-only](https://github.com/publiclab/plots2/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Afirst-timers-only)
            - [help-wanted](https://github.com/publiclab/plots2/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ahelp-wanted)
            - [fto-candidate](https://github.com/publiclab/plots2/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Afto-candidate)
- React (org)
    - [React](https://github.com/facebook/react) (project)
        - [Contributing Guide](https://reactjs.org/docs/how-to-contribute.html)
        - Issue labels:
            - [good first issue](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues?page=1&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen)
- Read the Docs (org)
    - [Read the Docs](http://docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) (site)
        - Issue labels:
            - [Good First Bug](https://github.com/rtfd/readthedocs.org/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Good+First+Bug%22)
- Redfin (org)
    - [react-server](https://github.com/redfin/react-server) (project)
        - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/redfin/react-server/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
        - Issue labels:
            - [good first contribution](https://github.com/redfin/react-server/labels/good%20first%20contribution)
- Servo (org)
    - [Servo](https://starters.servo.org/) (project)
        - [Contributing guide](https://github.com/servo/servo/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
        - Issue labels:
            - [Easy](https://github.com/servo/servo/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AE-easy)
- [Sympy](https://github.com/sympy/sympy) (project)
    - [Dev Wiki](https://github.com/sympy/sympy/wiki#development)
    - [Work Flow](https://github.com/sympy/sympy/wiki/Development-workflow)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/sympy/sympy/wiki/Introduction-to-contributing)
    - Issue labels:
        - [Easy to fix](https://github.com/sympy/sympy/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Easy+to+Fix%22)
- TEAMMATES (org)
    - [TEAMMATES](https://github.com/TEAMMATES/teammates) (project)
        - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/TEAMMATES/teammates/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)
        - Issue labels:
            - [d.FirstTimers](https://github.com/TEAMMATES/teammates/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ad.FirstTimers)
            - [d.Contributors](https://github.com/TEAMMATES/teammates/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ad.Contributors)
- Zulip (org)
    - [Zulip](https://github.com/zulip) (project)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
    - Issue labels:
       - [Good First Issue](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
       - [Help Wanted](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22)
- [Rust](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust) (project)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
    - Issue labels:
       - [E-easy](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AE-easy)
- [Test Kitchen](https://github.com/test-kitchen/test-kitchen) (project)
    - [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/test-kitchen/test-kitchen/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
    - Issue labels:
       - [*](https://github.com/test-kitchen/test-kitchen/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%E2%AD%90%EF%B8%8F)
       
 -Happy coding and keep learning
