README.md, before:

# Welcome newbie open source contributors!

[![Pull Requests Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![first-timers-only Friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/first--timers--only-friendly-blue.svg)](http://www.firsttimersonly.com/)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/freeCodeCamp/how-to-contribute-to-open-source.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/freeCodeCamp/how-to-contribute-to-open-source)

This is a list of resources for people who are new to contributing to open source.

If you find additional resources, please contribute a pull request.

If you have questions or comments, please create an issue.

## Table of Contents
- [Contributing to open source in general](#contributing-to-open-source-in-general)
- [Direct GitHub searches](#direct-github-searches)
- [Mozilla's contributor ecosystem](#mozillas-contributor-ecosystem)
- [Useful articles for new open source contributors](#useful-articles-for-new-open-source-contributors)
- [Using version control](#using-version-control)
- [Open Source books](#open-source-books)
- [License](#license)

## Contributing to open source in general
- [Up For Grabs](http://up-for-grabs.net/#/) - a list of projects with beginner-friendly issues.
- [Issuehub.io](http://issuehub.io/) - a tool for searching GitHub issues by label and language.
- [Code Triage](https://www.codetriage.com/) - another, really nice, tool for finding popular repositories and issues filtered by language.
- [First Timers Only](http://www.firsttimersonly.com/) - a list of bugs that are labelled "first-timers-only".
- [YourFirstPR](https://twitter.com/yourfirstpr) - starter issues on GitHub that can be easily tackled by new contributors.
- [Awesome-for-beginners](https://github.com/MunGell/awesome-for-beginners) - a GitHub repo that amasses projects with good bugs for new contributors, and applies labels to describe them.
- [Openhatch](https://openhatch.org/) - a non-profit organization that helps lower barriers of entry into open source. You can find bugs and projects here, as well.
- [Open Source Guides](https://opensource.guide/) - Collection of resources for individuals, communities, and companies who want to learn how to run and contribute to an open source project.
- [45 Github Issues Dos and Don’ts](https://hackernoon.com/45-github-issues-dos-and-donts-dfec9ab4b612)- Do's and Don'ts on GitHub.
- [GitHub Guides](https://guides.github.com/) - basic guides on how to use GitHub effectively.
- [First Contributions](https://roshanjossey.github.io/first-contributions) - Make your first open source contribution in 5 minutes. A tool and tutorial to help beginners get started with contributions.

## Direct GitHub searches
Search links that point directly to suitable issues to contribute to on GitHub.
- [is:issue is:open label:easy](https://github.com/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aeasy)
- [is:issue is:open label:beginner](https://github.com/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Abeginner)
- [is:issue is:open label:up-for-grabs](https://github.com/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aup-for-grabs)

## Mozilla's contributor ecosystem
- [Good First Bugs](https://bugzil.la/sw:%22[good%20first%20bug]%22&limit=0) - bugs that developers have identified as a good introduction to the project.
- [Mentored Bugs](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/buglist.cgi?quicksearch=mentor%3A%40) - bugs that have a mentor assigned who will be there on IRC to help you when you get stuck while working on fix.
- [Bugs Ahoy](http://www.joshmatthews.net/bugsahoy/) - a site dedicated to finding bugs on Bugzilla.
- [Firefox DevTools](http://firefox-dev.tools/) - a site dedicated to bugs filed for the developer tools in the Firefox browser.
- [What Can I Do For Mozilla](http://whatcanidoformozilla.org/) - figure out what you can work on by answering a bunch of questions about your skill set and interests.
- [Start Mozilla](https://twitter.com/StartMozilla) - a Twitter account that tweets about issues fit for contributors new to the Mozilla ecosystem.

## Useful articles for new open source contributors
- ["How to choose (and contribute to) your first open source project"](https://github.com/collections/choosing-projects) by [@GitHub](https://github.com/github)
- ["How to find your first open source bug to fix"](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/finding-your-first-open-source-project-or-bug-to-work-on-1712f651e5ba#.slc8i2h1l) by [@Shubheksha](https://github.com/Shubheksha)
- ["First Timers Only"](https://medium.com/@kentcdodds/first-timers-only-78281ea47455) by [@kentcdodds](https://github.com/kentcdodds)
- ["Bring Kindness Back to Open Source"](http://www.hanselman.com/blog/BringKindnessBackToOpenSource.aspx) by [@shanselman](https://github.com/shanselman)
- ["Getting into Open Source for the First Time"](http://www.nearform.com/nodecrunch/first-time-with-open-source) by [@mcdonnelldean](https://github.com/mcdonnelldean)
- ["How to Contribute to Open Source"](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/) by [@GitHub](https://github.com/github)
- ["How to Find a Bug in Your Code"](https://8thlight.com/blog/doug-bradbury/2016/06/29/how-to-find-bug-in-your-code.html) by [@dougbradbury](https://twitter.com/dougbradbury)
- ["Mastering Markdown"](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/) by [@GitHubGuides](https://guides.github.com/)

## Using version control
- [Oh shit, git!](http://ohshitgit.com/) - how to get out of common `git` mistakes described in plain English.
- [Atlassian Git Tutorials](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/) - various tutorials on using `git`
- [GitHub Git Cheat Sheet](https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf) (PDF)
- [freeCodeCamp's Wiki on Git Resources](https://forum.freecodecamp.org/t/wiki-git-resources/13136)
- [GitHub Flow](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juLIxo42A_s) - GitHub talk on how to make a pull request.
- [GitHub Learning Resources](https://help.github.com/articles/git-and-github-learning-resources/) - Git and GitHub learning resources.
- [Pro Git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2) - The entire Pro Git book, written by Scott Chacon and Ben Straub and published by Apress.
- [Try Git](https://try.github.io/) - Learn Git in your browser for free.
- [Git-it](https://github.com/jlord/git-it-electron) - Step by step Git tutorial desktop app.

## Open Source books
- [Producing Open Source Software](http://producingoss.com/) - Producing Open Source Software is a book about the human side of open source development. It describes how successful projects operate, the expectations of users and developers, and the culture of free software.
- [Open Source Book Series](https://opensource.com/resources/ebooks) - Learn more about open source and the growing open source movement with a comprehensive list of free ebooks from https://opensource.com.

## License
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

Add link to contribute-to-open-source

README.md, after:

# Welcome newbie open source contributors!

[![Pull Requests Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![first-timers-only Friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/first--timers--only-friendly-blue.svg)](http://www.firsttimersonly.com/)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/freeCodeCamp/how-to-contribute-to-open-source.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/freeCodeCamp/how-to-contribute-to-open-source)

This is a list of resources for people who are new to contributing to open source.

If you find additional resources, please contribute a pull request.

If you have questions or comments, please create an issue.

## Table of Contents
- [Contributing to open source in general](#contributing-to-open-source-in-general)
- [Direct GitHub searches](#direct-github-searches)
- [Mozilla's contributor ecosystem](#mozillas-contributor-ecosystem)
- [Useful articles for new open source contributors](#useful-articles-for-new-open-source-contributors)
- [Using version control](#using-version-control)
- [Open Source books](#open-source-books)
- [License](#license)

## Contributing to open source in general
- [Up For Grabs](http://up-for-grabs.net/#/) - a list of projects with beginner-friendly issues.
- [Issuehub.io](http://issuehub.io/) - a tool for searching GitHub issues by label and language.
- [Code Triage](https://www.codetriage.com/) - another, really nice, tool for finding popular repositories and issues filtered by language.
- [First Timers Only](http://www.firsttimersonly.com/) - a list of bugs that are labelled "first-timers-only".
- [YourFirstPR](https://twitter.com/yourfirstpr) - starter issues on GitHub that can be easily tackled by new contributors.
- [Awesome-for-beginners](https://github.com/MunGell/awesome-for-beginners) - a GitHub repo that amasses projects with good bugs for new contributors, and applies labels to describe them.
- [Openhatch](https://openhatch.org/) - a non-profit organization that helps lower barriers of entry into open source. You can find bugs and projects here, as well.
- [Open Source Guides](https://opensource.guide/) - Collection of resources for individuals, communities, and companies who want to learn how to run and contribute to an open source project.
- [45 Github Issues Dos and Don’ts](https://hackernoon.com/45-github-issues-dos-and-donts-dfec9ab4b612)- Do's and Don'ts on GitHub.
- [GitHub Guides](https://guides.github.com/) - basic guides on how to use GitHub effectively.
- [First Contributions](https://roshanjossey.github.io/first-contributions) - Make your first open source contribution in 5 minutes. A tool and tutorial to help beginners get started with contributions.
- [Contribute to Open Source](https://github.com/danthareja/contribute-to-open-source) - Learn the GitHub workflow by contributing code to a simulation project

## Direct GitHub searches
Search links that point directly to suitable issues to contribute to on GitHub.
- [is:issue is:open label:easy](https://github.com/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aeasy)
- [is:issue is:open label:beginner](https://github.com/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Abeginner)
- [is:issue is:open label:up-for-grabs](https://github.com/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aup-for-grabs)

## Mozilla's contributor ecosystem
- [Good First Bugs](https://bugzil.la/sw:%22[good%20first%20bug]%22&limit=0) - bugs that developers have identified as a good introduction to the project.
- [Mentored Bugs](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/buglist.cgi?quicksearch=mentor%3A%40) - bugs that have a mentor assigned who will be there on IRC to help you when you get stuck while working on fix.
- [Bugs Ahoy](http://www.joshmatthews.net/bugsahoy/) - a site dedicated to finding bugs on Bugzilla.
- [Firefox DevTools](http://firefox-dev.tools/) - a site dedicated to bugs filed for the developer tools in the Firefox browser.
- [What Can I Do For Mozilla](http://whatcanidoformozilla.org/) - figure out what you can work on by answering a bunch of questions about your skill set and interests.
- [Start Mozilla](https://twitter.com/StartMozilla) - a Twitter account that tweets about issues fit for contributors new to the Mozilla ecosystem.

## Useful articles for new open source contributors
- ["How to choose (and contribute to) your first open source project"](https://github.com/collections/choosing-projects) by [@GitHub](https://github.com/github)
- ["How to find your first open source bug to fix"](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/finding-your-first-open-source-project-or-bug-to-work-on-1712f651e5ba#.slc8i2h1l) by [@Shubheksha](https://github.com/Shubheksha)
- ["First Timers Only"](https://medium.com/@kentcdodds/first-timers-only-78281ea47455) by [@kentcdodds](https://github.com/kentcdodds)
- ["Bring Kindness Back to Open Source"](http://www.hanselman.com/blog/BringKindnessBackToOpenSource.aspx) by [@shanselman](https://github.com/shanselman)
- ["Getting into Open Source for the First Time"](http://www.nearform.com/nodecrunch/first-time-with-open-source) by [@mcdonnelldean](https://github.com/mcdonnelldean)
- ["How to Contribute to Open Source"](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/) by [@GitHub](https://github.com/github)
- ["How to Find a Bug in Your Code"](https://8thlight.com/blog/doug-bradbury/2016/06/29/how-to-find-bug-in-your-code.html) by [@dougbradbury](https://twitter.com/dougbradbury)
- ["Mastering Markdown"](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/) by [@GitHubGuides](https://guides.github.com/)

## Using version control
- [Oh shit, git!](http://ohshitgit.com/) - how to get out of common `git` mistakes described in plain English.
- [Atlassian Git Tutorials](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/) - various tutorials on using `git`
- [GitHub Git Cheat Sheet](https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf) (PDF)
- [freeCodeCamp's Wiki on Git Resources](https://forum.freecodecamp.org/t/wiki-git-resources/13136)
- [GitHub Flow](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juLIxo42A_s) - GitHub talk on how to make a pull request.
- [GitHub Learning Resources](https://help.github.com/articles/git-and-github-learning-resources/) - Git and GitHub learning resources.
- [Pro Git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2) - The entire Pro Git book, written by Scott Chacon and Ben Straub and published by Apress.
- [Try Git](https://try.github.io/) - Learn Git in your browser for free.
- [Git-it](https://github.com/jlord/git-it-electron) - Step by step Git tutorial desktop app.

## Open Source books
- [Producing Open Source Software](http://producingoss.com/) - Producing Open Source Software is a book about the human side of open source development. It describes how successful projects operate, the expectations of users and developers, and the culture of free software.
- [Open Source Book Series](https://opensource.com/resources/ebooks) - Learn more about open source and the growing open source movement with a comprehensive list of free ebooks from https://opensource.com.

## License
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.
